feat: add obs documents (#81)
huaweicloud/huaweicloud-csi-driver: docs/obs/obs-dynamic.md

# Dynamic Provisioning

> Dynamic Provisioning will create a new bucket. When removing SC or PVC, the bucket resource will be cleared together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamic Provisioning will create a new bucket. When removing SC or PVC, the bucket resources will be cleared and deleted together.
```

Author: done
